---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Selecting an Open Source Project

I already have a number of projects in mind that I'm interested in contributing to and working on for this semester, but I will admit that I've been skeptical of working on some due to a lack of new contributers.  Many projects seem to have issues that are not labeled well and are, in general, not friendly looking to newcomers.  The same few people seem to be making all of the pull requests.  I would like to work on a project that has existing bugs in code that I can fix that are not just silly typos, but maybe something such as refactoring old code, or updating libraries to fit newer versions of the language the project is coded in.

### What I can offer

I believe my strengths are in writing well documented, easy to understand code in languages such as JavaScript, Java, and C.  I'm also interested in learning other languages, and have working knowledge of plenty of others.  When given a task, I can usually perform it well and efficiently.  I also try to be as neat as I can in design, avoiding redundancy in all the places I can.

### What I hope to learn

In the end, I started this class to learn how to program with a group of people, to collaborate with more than just a couple of friends on a big programming project.  I want to be a part of something larger, and hopefully will learn to easily contribute to projects in the future as well.

### What I worry about

I worry that my skills will be useless for any of the projects that I use and am interested in contributing to.  After looking through a lot of the issues on projects, I feel quite intimidated about jumping into making any fixes.

## Questions for Aurelia

1) How did you get into writing open source software, and what about it appeals to you?

2) What kinds of projects do you primarily work on?