---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## The Cathedral vs the Bazaar Model

To me, the cathedral model represents a program that is carefully planned, programmed by experts, and tested thoroughy.  When I think of software that would be crafted using the cathedral model, I think of large programs that are not released until they are sold as "enterprise" applications for a large amount of money to big companies.  I think of things like Adobe products and Microsoft software.

But when I think of the bazaar model of building a program, I think of a mish-mash of different ideas, different skillsets and different people all coming together to contribute tiny snippets of code to a larger product.  The word open source does not denote of lower quality, but I can't help but think I may have felt that way at times in the past when comparing something such as Libre Office to Microsoft Office.

I would be more comfortable in my current mindset contributing to a more 'cathedral-esque' design structure of a program, simply because I have trouble communicating and working with large groups of people, and may get myself into a state of confusion where I wouldn't know how to help.  But I'm hoping that this class will make me feel more comfortable working with a more bazaar type model of development.

## Two Lessons from the Text

#### "2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)."

To me, this lesson is something that a lot of programmers starting out, myself included, tend to forget about.  We often times ignore the possibility of seeking out someone else's libraries, and instead try from the get-go to start programming large projects from scratch.  I know I've done this several times before, and since then looking into code that other people have written and that seems to work well has been a great asset to me.  When I started, I knew I had to make libraries that functioned like that, but didn't know what I could work into my project and what I should change.

I also do think there's something to the line "great ones know what to rewrite" that makes me think of programmers who know how to take decent code and turn it into efficient code.  Just because something works doesn't mean it's the best answer.

#### "12. Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."

This lesson is one that I had to personally learn myself at many points of my life.  This lesson is referring to the fact that sometimes the most difficult task that one has to overcome is that of your own ego; that the first solution you come up with can't get stuck in your head to the point where you can't think of any other answers to the problem.  Be able to get out of your own head and think outside the box, otherwise you'll never come up with the best possible answer.


