---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## Wikipedia Changes

### How I selected an article

This week, we were asked to make edits to some Wikipedia article.  I decided that the best way to do this would be to use the random article feature on Wikipedia until coming across an article that may be obscure enough to have faulty grammar, spelling errors, or possible incorrect links.

### The article

My technique worked very quickly for me; I very quickly discovered an article on [John Parascandola](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Parascandola), an American Historian from New York City.

In the talk page for the article, there was a bit of contention from a few years ago, and I quickly realized that the article was rather poorly written; it definitely didn't read like something I'd have wanted to source in any kind of professional paper or work.

### My contribution

As you can see [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Contributions/Ladig425), I made two contributions to this article: both in the same paragraph.  The writings paragraph was a bit of a mess, with a sentence claiming to name two of his readings, but ending abruptly with a period, the word 'and' in lowercase following the period.  I changed the period to a comma, and then made another edit fixing the wording and flow of the sentence that followed, since it named the author's work twice in a row, and failed to use italics for the title the second time.  I simply joined the next two sentences together.

### Conclusions

It felt nice to be able to be a part of something like Wikipedia, and know that I've made an edit that makes an article more legible/scholarly in turn.  I've edited Wikipedia articles before, primarily when I was younger, and can't say any of those edits may have been helpful (in fact, I recall a lot of them very quickly sparking arguments and getting people to change my edits back!  I did think I was being helpful).