---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


# What do I think when I hear "Open Source"?

Whenever I've come across software that describes itself as being "open source", one of the first words I tend to jump to is "accessible".  Despite the fact that I've known some open source software does generate a profit for the companies that produce it, somehow knowing that it is open source makes the actual product seem more friendly to the community that uses the software.

I also do tend to view open source software as being, in some cases, a bit smaller-scale.  Huge pieces of software such as the Adobe Creative Suite and Microsoft Office are the types of large software with huge amounts of legacy code, on the other hand, tend to not be open source and can feel a lot more corporate and unfriendly as compared to the smaller pieces of software that are open source.

I think that this is where open source software has a huge advantage over closed source software.  I tend to want to support open source software over closed source when I have the chance to choose between two comparable products, because they feel more like genuine efforts rather than ploys to make money.  And in some sense, this is true; the ability to have anyone remotely collaborate on a project allows for tons of creativity in the project's code, and better performance if the right people are able to contribute.  Wheras, with closed source software, there may just be a few programmers in charge of a certain chunk of code, and have no one to double check what they've written to try and make it better.

Open source, I'm sure, is not the best option for all software.  For instance, if Adobe made the source code for their programs public, someone could view their source code and learn their secrets, giving others the ability to mimic the software, thus lessening the sales of the main program.

# Projects I've used

## MuseScore

As someone who is classically trained in music, there have been points where I've wanted to transcribe music from other instruments into my own clef.  MuseScore is a score writing software for music that is open source, and has many tools to get any beginner started with either composing or transcribing their own music.

I've used MuseScore for years over other pieces of software such as Finale, a piece of composition software often used by professional musicians and in academic settings.

## p5.js

In Interactive Computing here at NYU, we used the p5 library, an open source project started by a faculty member in the ITP department at NYU to give a cool update to Processing with Java, instead using JavaScript.  P5 is open source, and allows people who aren't very familiar with programming to very quickly produce running code to make things such as games, computer art, and other interactive experiences.

## Audacity

Audacity is an open source sound editor and recorder that I've used for as long as I can remember.  I've used Audacity to record via a studio microphone and edit my own voice, put together clips of songs in ways that I wanted to, and even to record myself and others playing instruments in order to listen back to what we were playing, and perhaps do a bit of tweaking on the sound to make the recording sound nicer.

## phpMyAdmin

Back in my early high school days, when I was first learning Java, of course I came across programming and other concepts via the popular game Minecraft.  Friends and I ran a server for the game, and in order to manage our server's database and other features, we used phpMyAdmin.  I had no idea up until recently that this piece of software was open source!

# Questions!

I have a few questions for Tom this Tuesday!  One would certainly be: How did you get into open source, and what was the first project you ever contributed to?

Another: even though you work at Red Hat, do you ever contribute to any other projects on the side?  If you do, what projects?

And lastly: what advice do you have to novice programmers looking to get more into open source as a means of learning how to communicate with the community, and just to practice programming skills in general?