---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Humanitarian Projects

I believe that any project made to help improve people's lives without selfish motives can mostly be classified as humanitarian- things made to improve the quality of other's lives in the world.  Many projects are simply made to innovate specific technologies, including popular projects such as Node, Django, etc- but who's to say that these innovations don't improve the lives of developers that use them, and eventually may lead to the betterment of society as a whole?

Take Node, for example: it may not be a humanitarian project at its core, but who's to say that Node won't eventually be the technology that allows charity organizations to have an easier time creating their websites?  The technologies that arise from open source software can very easily be used as tools to improve society.

Of course, there are more directly humanitarian projects such as open prosthetics, a project funded by Red Hat and lead by a group of college students to produce 3D printed prosthetics from blueprints.

In short, whether projects are made to directly benefit others, or just to benefit the developers that use them, open source technologies are great ways for people to collaborate for the greater good.

## Project Update

This week, my group (Moment) worked on attempting to replicate several issues, with the direct issues linked in our project's update column on GitHub.  We failed to replicate the main issue that we wanted to try out, and found that others also had issues replicating it.  Others commented that they believed the main problem had to do with the native locale being used by the person reporting the issue, since to a degree Moment does use the JavaScript native date class.

We did, however, manage to replicate another issue regarding different language locales having incorrect string parsing.  We investigated the locale for both the Catalan language as well as Spanish.  Having a Spanish speaker in our group put us at a great advantage, and we managed to discover in the code and through debugging what the issue was- the date was being output differently than the input it accepted.  One group memeber wrote a comment on the issue then explaining our findings.