---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## My First Pull Request

My first pull request (found [here](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/69)) involved fixing the website's config.yml file in order to get rid of any extra commas in the name fields for three textbooks listed on the website.

### Steps

I first forked the main repository, giving myself my own personal repository to work on.  I cloned this repository onto my machine to make a local repository using the git clone command, and got to work making the necessary fixes on my machine.

Once finished, I pushed the changes onto my forked remote repository, using the git commit command with a -m flag for adding a commit message, and then used the git push command, which on my machine is the same thing as git push origin master.  After doing this and checking to be sure my changes were correct, I submitted a pull request to merge my forked version of the website with the current version of the website.

## Code Triage

Code Triage is definitely an interesting and innovative way to get others to make discussion on your projects.  I've been having trouble with the projects I signed up for since I think most I've gotten emails about so far have been beyond my skillset.

### Projects

I've decided to add a good number of projects to my code triage account, such as p5.js, React, Three.js, Node, Bootstrap, and a couple more.  I picked mostly projects that I've either used before, or am interested in learning to use.

#### P5.js 

[One of the issues](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/2568) that I was emailed about has to do with a function in p5 that calls certain assets to be loaded prior to the loading of a webpage, the preload function.  This user claims that the mechanism preload uses to call outside functions can break depending on what's called in preload, and a specific counter type variable that is counting incorrectly.

I believe by this point that my description is correct, however, the actual issue itself was a tad confusing to me in that I had no idea what the severity of this issue was, or really how to replicate it.

#### Bootstrap

[This issue](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/25587) had already been discussed in pretty great detail, but from what I see, it still hasn't been resolved simply because it's hard to resolve.  The issue involves the fact that Internet Explorer does not support the flexbox model in CSS.

It ended up turning into a new issue that someone had referenced this old issue in, suggesting Bootstrap drop all support for Internet Explorer.  I thought it was funny how to the development community, the problem itself would not be fixing the display in IE, but rather just dropping IE since it's outdated by this point.

#### Node

This time, I was very surprised!  A [pull request](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v0.x-archive/pull/6774) from 2013 is still open on Node's github, and being that Node is such a large and widely used project, I couldn't believe that this request had still yet to be closed!  It's even one of the few 36 current open pull requests.

This fix involves changing the module importing feature of node (The "require("filename")" lines) to be case insensitive when referring to Windows file systems.  It seems that this issue is still being hotly debated as of currently.

## Final thoughts

This week gave me some interesting insight into what it's truly like to be part of a community working on an open source project.  I enjoyed reading conversation threads on GitHub issues, and hope that very soon I can make some kind of meaningful contribution!



