---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Google's Approach to Open Source

I think the way Google looks at software, more specifically open source software, is quite unique and interesting.  Many companies try to improve their software by training small amounts of people who actively write and maintain the same code for years, until there are but a few people who are really familiar with their code base.  Google, on the other hand, I've heard jokes that whenever they have a problem they just hire people until it goes away.

This approach itself, of hiring many software developers with different strength, is reminiscent of how the open source movement started in the first place.  I think Google leads a good example by making much of their code base open source, giving the public the ability to see transparently how some Google technology works, and allows for more external help on a lot of Google projects.

## Team Moment Progress

We've made a good amount of progress this week!  I attempted to make a pull request fixing an issue that seemed easy, but some of the project's tests had been updated, and once I updated my tests I quickly closed my own pull request, realizing that what I thought was a fix would break half of the project.  The issue wasn't quite as simple as I'd thought.

My team and I, on the other hand, have decided that we want to work on implementing a new feature for Moment, and have already begun to write a bit of code.  It's very exciting to get started on something that can benefit many people!

## Code of Conduct

I think that for very large projects, a code of conduct document can be an important reminder for users to be civil to each other, though I do feel a lot of the content of the document that has to do with behavior goes without saying.  Should it really need to be said that people should be kind and civil to each other?  While I don't think so, I can see how having this document in place might make one think to speak more respectfully to others.

On the other hand, it is important to have a section of a project that explicitly states what one should do when they encounter someone who is hostile towards them; this allows for easier moderation of large projects with many simultaneous discussions.

Perhaps it could benefit some projects with a lot of heated debate as to how to implement certain features; I know programmers can get very argumentative with each other (lol).  

Moment, on the other hand, lacks a code of conduct document, which could be due to the fact that the project is so small.  There seems to be little hostility between contributers.